fix(material/tree): add levelAccessor, childrenAccessor, TreeKeyManag…   …er; a11y and docs improvements (#27626)
angular/components: src/material/tree/tree.md

The `matTreeNodePadding` can be placed in a flat tree's node template to display the `level`
information of a flat tree node.

```html
<mat-tree-node *matNodeDef="let node" matNodePadding>
  {{node.value}}
</mat-tree-node>
```

This is unnecessary for a nested tree, since the hierarchical structure of the DOM allows for
padding to be added via CSS.

#### Conditional template

The tree may include multiple node templates, where a template is chosen
for a particular data node via the `when` predicate of the template.

```html
<mat-tree-node *matNodeDef="let node" matTreeNodePadding>
  {{node.value}}
</mat-tree-node>
<mat-tree-node *matNodeDef="let node; when: isSpecial" matTreeNodePadding>
  [ A special node {{node.value}} ]
</mat-tree-node>
```

### Data Source

#### Connecting the tree to a data source

> Similar to `mat-table`, data is provided to the tree through a `DataSource`. When the tree receives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `mat-table`, you can provide data to the tree through a `DataSource`. When the tree receives
```
nit: passive voice
